I can prove it.
He's a liar full of lies
Ye Haochen, how are you?
Gu Jingxin
I heard you outside pretending to be a lady again
Why are you so thick-skinned?
You trash
I don't know if it's true or not.
Identity of the wise
You ask him how this gun changed
He pretended to be in front of the real lady
If Ye Haochen doesn't want to die, then shut up for me
What's so good about this woman?
That's a stinky dog
Stinky liars were also deceived by them
Popular singer Ye Haochen
Guardian daughter knows me
The hottest male singer right now
You know Mr. Lin?
He is the project I abandoned.
I thought that if I lay down, Third Master Shen would be the head of the Shen family
Oh, it turns out that you are already married.
No wonder you're pretending to be me
I am afraid that the Shen family will look down on Li Haochen
You are really stubborn
I licked a fake last time.
Why do you have to lick a fake daughter this time?
It's really Miss Gu family
Oh, Mr. Ye, why don't you even believe it?
I, I, I just called Xu Zhi
Wait for him.
Who is real and who is fake self-accounting
You know Xu Jue?
In your opinion
Xu Zhi is above one person in Kyushu
Adults under ten thousand people
But in my eyes
He is just a dog of the Gu family
Not enough
You know Gu's assistant
It's natural to take a job
I can't remember anyone's name
Of course, except for Sanye Shen, you are young and promising
Good-looking and handsome.
Okay, that's not